openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/RedRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.RedRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/maths/MasterList.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.maths.MasterList
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.maths.MasterList$GatewayAddress
openlyfay/ancientgateways/mixins/EntityMixin.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.mixins.EntityMixin
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/BlackRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.BlackRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/LightGreyRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.LightGreyRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/AncientGateways.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.AncientGateways
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/LightBlueRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.LightBlueRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/PinkRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.PinkRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/LimeRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.LimeRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/LightBlueRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.LightBlueRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/WhiteRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.WhiteRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/GatewayBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.GatewayBlock
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.GatewayBlock$1
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/LightGreyRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.LightGreyRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/CyanRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.CyanRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/BlackRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.BlackRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/YellowRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.YellowRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/CyanRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.CyanRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/AbstractRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.AbstractRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/YellowRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.YellowRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/AncientGatewaysClient.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.AncientGatewaysClient
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/WhiteRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.WhiteRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/BlueRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.BlueRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/PurpleRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.PurpleRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/BlueRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.BlueRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/GreyRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.GreyRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/PinkRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.PinkRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/AbstractRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.AbstractRuneBlock
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.AbstractRuneBlock$1
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/BrownRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.BrownRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/OrangeRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.OrangeRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/blockentity/GatewayBlockEntity.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.blockentity.GatewayBlockEntity
openlyfay/ancientgateways/maths/TeleportPatch.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.maths.TeleportPatch
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.maths.TeleportPatch$TelDestination
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/GreenRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.GreenRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/BrownRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.BrownRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/MagentaRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.MagentaRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/OrangeRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.OrangeRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/GreenRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.GreenRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/blockentity/GatewayBlockEntityRenderer.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.blockentity.GatewayBlockEntityRenderer
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/GreyRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.GreyRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/MagentaRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.MagentaRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/blockitem/LimeRuneItem.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.blockitem.LimeRuneItem
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/RedRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.RedRuneBlock
openlyfay/ancientgateways/block/runes/PurpleRuneBlock.java
 openlyfay.ancientgateways.block.runes.PurpleRuneBlock
